Update knowledge base article on SSH troubleshooting to reflect need for a restart (#2137)
18F/cg-site: _kbarticles/2021-05-17-troubleshooting-ssh-connections.md

Some things to check:

* Check which version of the `cf` CLI tool you are using. The approaches listed below may vary based on whether you are using v6 or v7 od the CLI tool.
* Make sure you have SSH access enabled. You can check to see if SSH is enabled by running `cf ssh-enabled APP_NAME`. Enable it by running `cf enable-ssh APP_NAME`.

> * If you recently enabled SSH access to your application using the approach above, ensure that you have also restarted the app so the changes can take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you recently enabled SSH access to your application using the approach above, ensure that you have also run `cf restart APP_NAME` so that the changes can take effect.
```

When possible, I think it's helpful to be explicit about what command we want people to run
